this was the player in the region picks up
Let's have a look at landon donovan
is second in the form of a priest
informed
This year you will first come to his
card 27 80 euro weddinger at 85 82
schulz 83 suitable 80 69 61 73 small with
working tomb right foot forest area
am I gonna why number 20 cable
costs for four games actually
six games shot but one
Someone who sometimes it is man
the xbox hear a sharp turn off
and that's why I got the call
but actually my six goals
The template in four play a game
on his mental and physical weather
on the market quite okay
the skills are pretty, too
you have to say pretty strong
shot power short pass ball control
all very very well play through before
a 32 year old man and a sheep
he has no vitality but comes
what you do about it really makes you feel right now
so in reality in the square and not
reality because it knows and says a lot
tempo for tempo he notices the
Type is just great spots
super fast super agile super on the way
was also a very very high
firepower so with shot power should
one is not a problem often in
Do not build a dangerous shot
of course, recently gone in
I have no more protection the
feeling but otherwise in any case nimble
and can also close similar to one
bull problem he is 81 graduation
in ingame stats and that already be
biggest manko you do not notice such
scenes here graduation 81 I had real
to fight with a conclusion then
he has me often the one or
another point or goal or cup also
tasted I found little funny of
landon donovan has one in common
shot in the sixteen is a bit
shit and yes in such scenes there
true because so so must Marta was
a 80s graduation though
Often little robot asks how can
You do not make a few play
actually with its biggest plus must
say as can fit so I had
just a form of people made what
a stranger is just because clint
dempsey for example the
has played no bock had the ball
somehow we turn in good ones
but alluded position having fits
for banks but also determined
every ball control also great
accepted ball is absolutely no problem and
the walkways as we just
for example, see now too
always super runs super free
actually always playable you have
no difficulties to find and
that's why you always bring him
easy in good dangerous position
next manko is he is very small and
Faint 172 bodies are 60 in the
If you want to say you have a say
who comes in a fight is over
just directly over to just three
that 's it is not great
optimally looking forward to the outside purely 10
often difficult, mostly difficult
with exaggerate either way is okay
but 34 stands while already nice
To league nation has dive my team
I saw I was really proud
just absolute packed there team
because mls usa is difficult because of that too
migration but not optimal it
I already said the conclusion is
real i have in my situation the
worst situation no more
taken because I simply thought that
you can not show against it only
eye cancer and so overall you have
landon donovan then even if he is only 20
card costs you my passion too
In any case, that's the type of me
Will I be in school for a game
the bbl is mostly strong behind
Donovan I mean the least
now necessarily need a left outside
except usa
that's the reason why something almost gets carried away
every he on landon donovan and dead me
no idea of a semmel it needs
no one take more like one
follow said that comes on the mist
Many people ask where they are now
but i believe in landon donovan
by one or the other better
So that's why you change it
though I did not want to be instructed
but there you were
interview from me landon donovan 70 and
the thumb down not so that is
the worst rating for this one
year got from me to the player
review but also what is going on today
this review i hope it has you
Please write my comments
probably should come leonardo or
Müller the country ruled in the comment
not even tevez and more
I would like to play but also
that is always from today I wish you
a beautiful evening and then I saw
temporarily with at least a thumb
down for landon donovan one
Nice day still and job